docs: import statements + fixed broken images (#228)
latchbio/latch: docs/source/basics/preview_interface.md

# Previewing your Workflow

> Preview the workflow user interface locally using `latch preview` to avoid the lengthy registration process when iterating on the design.

Author: When iterating on the design of the workflow, it is helpful to preview the user interface locally using `latch preview`:

?

> To quickly reiterate on the user interface of your workflow, it is recommended that you use `latch preview` to preview your workflow locally without registering them on Latch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview the workflow user interface locally using `latch preview` to avoid the lengthy registration process when iterating on the design.
```
